Why are you here?
Daughter, I finally know that you are not going to serve
The reason for the love
I didn't expect it.
You are more scheming than your mother and I
Hahaha, I don't understand what you're saying.
Sister, what else are you pretending to be with us?
Mom and I both know
You come to work for Shengfeng Group
Isn't it just to climb the general manager?
I heard that Ji Yanting is the heir to Tianyi's assets
His family is incredibly rich
Stop talking nonsense, okay?
I'm just a small employee.
You are no ordinary employee.
You are now the assistant to the president
It won't be long.
You are the president's wife, hahaha.
By then, I will be the mother of the president's wife
Hahaha, I'm too lazy to pay attention.
Just go.
Ouch, we shot it
Sister, you have to take good care of it
You have to take down that memorial pavilion
Then our Su family can be completely turned around
Are you going?
If you don't leave, I'll call security
You still want to drive us away
Hey, okay, okay.
Let's go, girl.
Can we go back and wait for your good news?
Mr. Ji, why are you here?
How can I see this good show if I'm not here
It's not that you misunderstood
They're actually saying that's right.
You are full of lies
Do whatever it takes to get there
Mr. Ji, do you have any misunderstanding about me?
Misunderstand me, I think I underestimated you.
You want to get close to me
There is a dead man ahead
The person who made a crazy couple for himself
Make up one lie at a time I didn't
You dare to say that you approach me for no other purpose
I admit I didn't give up
I will fantasize about you as Xiuyuan
But I actually have enough
The same lie again
Su Ran
You and I only have work from now on and nothing else